Black Panther
must feel good sitting here comfortable
what do you want your secrets no weapons
number burn it all this ends today
[Music]
what Panthers meaning vibranium secured
well done making sure it is my right
already
of course big brother but you have to
help
[Music]
sure
experience luxury performance that takes
the crowd presenting the all-new Lexus
LS 500 long live the king wait which
side of the road is was boss sick just
calm down
let's go
and look at your suit you've been taking
bullets charging it up with us
pull around the truck
where'd it go
sure
black panther who need a hero ready
pg-13
for sure
[Music]
best